# CS-255

The DriverPass project is a web application that the client wanted built to help students pass their driver's exams. This application would allow students to schedule driving times with instructors to practice their driving and fullfill their requirements. Studetns would have three different packages they could select and they would be able to se available appointments times from a calendar. This application would also provide practice exams and materials for the students to learn from. I beleive that I did a good job modeling the system and analyzing the requirements  of the client by looking at the transcript. I also think that I did a good job illustrating how the system would work with the different diagrams that I created that are in the attached documents. If I could revise one part of this system, I would choose to add more details to my diagrams. I think that I could create more diagrams for more of the functionality of this application such as descibing and diagramming the practice tests and materials. I think I did a good job addressing the customer's needs from reaing the transcript since it described the consersation of what the client wanted. I knew that they wanted students to be able to shcedule time slots with driving times with instructors to get practice and have ccess to practice tests. The customer's needs are most important because they are the client are your job is to help the to solve the problem they are facing. There are many things that I have learned when it comes to designing software. I learned how important it is to get proper requirements from the client and how important it is to as kclarifying questions to mak sure you have detailed requirements. I have also learned that ti is important to plan and diagram the system because it helps you visualize what you are trying to create and you can see how the different componenets work with each other.
